Allow for device service and port to be configured (#4)
Azure-Samples/secure-tunneling-azure-relay: README.md

    cp sample.settings.yaml settings.yaml
    ```

    Set the tenantId and subscriptionId, and adjust the values for the Azure resource names by replacing `[unique-id]` with a unique identifier so that your resource names are unique across Azure.

>     To use a different protocol than HTTP, change the value of `deviceProtocol` to an appropriate value, e.g., `ssh` and change the `devicePort` to the port on which the service is running, e.g., `22`. Note: The value of the protocol is arbitrary, used only for messaging purposes and does not have to match the actual protocol running on the device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To use a different protocol than HTTP, change the value of `serviceProtocol` to an appropriate value, e.g., `ssh` and change the `servicePort` to the port on which the service is running, e.g., `22`. Note: The value of the protocol is arbitrary, used only for messaging purposes and does not have to match the actual protocol running on the device.
```

    ![simulated-device-telemetry](docs/assets/simulated-device-telemetry.png)

1. For http, confirm you can access the local web server on `http://localhost:8080/`

    ![web-server](docs/assets/web-server.png)

>     If you are using a different protocol, use the appropriate client tool to access the service running on the device. 

Reviewer: Can we also include an example on how to verify when using ssh?

Author: Done!
